c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\bin\Debug\WorkoutDiary.exe.config
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\bin\Debug\WorkoutDiary.exe
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\bin\Debug\WorkoutDiary.pdb
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\obj\Debug\WorkoutDiary.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\obj\Debug\WorkoutDiary_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\obj\Debug\WorkoutDiary_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\obj\Debug\WorkoutDiary.g.resources
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\obj\Debug\WorkoutDiary.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\obj\Debug\WorkoutDiary.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\obj\Debug\WorkoutDiary.exe
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\obj\Debug\WorkoutDiary.pdb
c:\Users\juan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\bin\Debug\WorkoutDiary.Database.dll
c:\Users\juan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\bin\Debug\WorkoutDiary.Database.pdb
C:\Users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\obj\Debug\Register\RegisterWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\obj\Debug\SignIn\SignInWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\obj\Debug\Register\RegisterWindow.baml
C:\Users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\obj\Debug\SignIn\SignInWindow.baml
C:\Users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\bin\Debug\WorkoutDiary.Registration.dll
C:\Users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\bin\Debug\WorkoutDiary.Registration.pdb
C:\Users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\juan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkoutDiary\WorkoutDiary\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
